Update junit5 documentation with disabledWithoutDocker and parallel attributes (#6783)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/quickstart/junit_5_quickstart.md

    not work on your current or future CI environment. As such, **avoid hard-coding** the address, and use 
    `getHost()` instead.

> ## 4. Additional attributes
> There are two additional attributes available for `@Testcontainers` annotation.
> These attributes can be useful in some cases.
> 
> If docker is not available in the current environment, tests using containers will fail. We can disable these tests
> in order to prevent failures. We just need to set `disabledWithoutDocker` attribute to `true`.
> 
> `
> @Testcontainers(disabledWithoutDocker = true)
> `
> 
> We can have multiple containers in our tests, these containers will be started sequentially. However, we can enable
> parallel container initialization which can save some time. We just need to set `parallel` attribute to `true`.
> 
> `
> @Testcontainers(parallel = true)
> `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Additional attributes

Additional attributes are available for the `@Testcontainers` annotation.
Those attributes can be helpful when:

* Tests should be skipped instead of failing because Docker is unavailable in the
current environment. Set `disabledWithoutDocker` to `true`.
* Enable parallel container initialization instead of sequential (by default). Set `parallel` to `true`.

```
